command/again:Associated with Key: CTRL-A
command/autosave:Associated with Key: None
command/block:Associated with Key: HOME
command/breakpoint:Associated with Key: None
command/bugoff:Associated with Key: None
command/bugon:Associated with Key: None
command/change:Associated with Key: F5
command/check:Associated with Key: SHIFT-7
command/clear:Associated with Key: SHIFT-plus
command/clearfollow:Associated with Key: None
command/clearpoint:Associated with Key: None
command/clip:Associated with Key: CTRL-DEL
command/comout:Associated with Key: None
command/continue:Associated with Key: None
command/copy:Associated with Key: None
command/cursor:Associated with Key: SHIFT-4
command/debug:Associated with Key: F6
command/decl:Associated with Key: None
command/delete:Associated with Key: SHIFT-DEL
command/delmenu:Associated with Key: F3
command/edit:Associated with Key: CTRL-E
command/enclose:Associated with Key: None
command/errhelp:Associated with Key: None
command/execute:Associated with Key: META-F1
command/execws:Associated with Key: None
command/exit:Associated with Key: (beta)
command/extend:Associated with Key: (e agout)
command/filename:Associated with Key: None
command/get:Associated with Key: SHIFT-+
command/go:Associated with Key: None
command/help:Associated with Key: SHIFT-HELP
command/hide:Associated with Key: Umlaut (..)
command/immediate:Associated with Key: None
command/insert:Associated with Key: SHIFT-INS
command/insmenu:Associated with Key: F4
command/io:Associated with Key: F8
command/lasterror:Associated with Key: SHIFT-9 (keypad)
command/load:Associated with Key: CTRL-L
command/log:Associated with Key: None
command/map:Associated with Key: None
command/mark:Associated with Key: None
command/menu:Associated with Key: F11
command/merge:Associated with Key: None
command/misc:Associated with Key: F7
command/move:Associated with Key: SHIFT-minus
command/new:Associated with Key: None
command/nolog:Associated with Key: None
command/nop:Associated with Key: None
command/option:Associated with Key: None
command/pagedown:Associated with Key: None
command/pageup:Associated with Key: None
command/parent:Associated with Key: CTRL-uparrow
command/phelp:Associated with Key: SHIFT-divide
command/pop:Associated with Key: None
command/popback:Associated with Key: None
command/raise:Associated with Key: None
command/recover:Associated with Key: None
command/redo:Associated with Key: CTRL-R
command/reveal:Associated with Key: Circumflex ()
command/rsearch:Associated with Key: None
command/run:Associated with Key: F1
command/runit:Associated with Key: None
command/save:Associated with Key: CTRL-S
command/search:Associated with Key: CTRL-F
command/setfollow:Associated with Key: None
command/shell:Associated with Key: CTRL-Z
command/specialties:Associated with Key: None
command/step:Associated with Key: F2
command/superstep:Associated with Key: SHIFT-F2
command/symbol:Associated with Key: None, but C-cedille has this effect
command/text:Associated with Key: None
command/toklist:Associated with Key: SHIFT-times
command/traceback:Associated with Key: None
command/undo:Associated with Key: CTRL-U
command/unselect:Associated with Key: F10 (in a sense)
command/ws:Associated with Key: None
